1) Space Hopper
Author: Michael Primo
Type of Project: Game
Category: 2D Canvas

Review:

This little game is fun and (literally) fast, the game is about reaction, avoiding bad things (asteroids) and picking up good things (food that 
can be used as powerups). There is variety, you can see this Space Hopper jumping and evolving (or devolving if got hit, like Super Mario).
You got various sound effects and is playable on mobile too, because is responsive!
There is a really good star system, but there are many problems related to the graphics.

Since everything is a emoji, on some browsers you can't see the powerups, but only white squares. Also, even if this entry respects the "Creature"
theme, you can't relate 100% to one character who on your phone is one way and on your desktop one another. Some animation (like the jumping one)
doesn't always show and based on the screen the game seems harder or easier.

Conclusion: Good and quite ambitious project, but it could have be better.
Rating : 80 (I can't rate my own project, but I could gave this vote if this was made by one another person).

2) Creature Creator
Author: Morticcino
Type of Project: Application
Category: p5.js

Review:

I like weird things. Creature Creator is one of them. I don't know if this was made in one day (since it's based on the theme) or not, but I found 
it fun and interesting. The concept of creating a minimalist Paint isn't something you see often, and Morticcino did it. And I love minimalism :P
It's even kinda easy creating creatures with Creature Creator (ok, I'll stop twisting your tongue :P ) and that makes a functional app in 1024 bytes.

What could be possibly gone wrong? Is it perfect?

Unfortunately, not.

It took me a while to find the extra commands (really useful ones, but they should be more highlighted on some way, otherwise people can think:
"Hey, spam white and black circles and you are done!" while there is more).

You can rotate and scale the circle you use to draw your creature and save the image and draw with black, white and pink.

The problem is you need a center button for pink, so unless you have a three-button mouse, you can't cancel your mistakes.

A big problem is the code. Why? I have no critics of the code itself, but the code isn't really minimized and for a p5js project, I expected
more. It can be comprensible and good if this whole project was made on vanilla Javascript on a Canvas, but it isn't, making things like the
inability to cancel mistakes a real problem that could have been avoided.

Conclusion: Liked the app, but it could have been more by minimizing the code with tersers and Regpack.
Rating: 73

